Cops and dope don't mix, do they Mr. Layhe? Like shit and strawberry shortcake Ran
Shittapillars Ran. Started as shit larvae and became a shit pandemic of shittapillars
shitmoths
Do you feel that boy? The way the shit clings to the air. Shit blizzards coming
Hear that? That's the sounds of the whispering winds of shit.
Plant shit seeds, get shit weeds
Shit puppets
 You know, he grew up as a little shit-spark from the old shit-flint, and then he turned into a shit-bonfire, and then, driven by the winds of his monumental ignorance, he turned into a raging shit-firestorm. If I get to be married to Barb, I'll have total control of Sunnyvale, and then I can unleash a shit-nami tidal wave that'll engulf Ricky and extinguish his shit-flames forever. And with any luck, he'll drown in the under-shit of that wave. Shit-waves.
They're coming Bubbles. They're flying in low, swooping down, shitting on people, dragging them off to the big shit nest.
Captain Shitacular is raising shit in Sunnyvale again!
That video game is the key to Shitty City, Randy, and Julian is the muscular mayor.
Shitapple, Ran. Shitapple.
Shit apple doesn't fall far from the shit tree.
You idiots have loaded up a hair trigger double barrel shit machine gun and the barrel's pointed straight at your own heads.
We're about to sail into a shit typhoon, Randy, so we'd better haul in the jib before it gets covered with shit.
I am the liquor
Birds of a shit feather flock together Randy.
They're shit flowers Randy, from here they look like regular flowers but when you get down and poke your nose in them you realise they're shit flowers, and theres a whole fucking bouquet of them
We're in the eye of the shiticane here! Ricky is a low shit system!
This old Shitfisher took his bagpipes down to the river and he played his pipes in hopes that the shitfish would rise up out of the water. But not one shitfish rose, Julian. So he took a shitnet and threw it in the river and, lo, soon he drew it forth filled with shitfish. Then he took his bagpipes and then he played them again and all the shitfish jumped up in the shitnet. 'Oh, you dance now when I play, said the Shitfisher. And then the little old shitfish spoke up in the end and he said, when your in a man's power, you must do as he bids you. Shitnets, Julian, and Shitpower.
I'm in the eye of a shitticane!
When two shit plates meet with incredible force what happens? Shitquake
The old shit liner's coming to port, and I'll be there to tie her up.
Grab your shit basket Rand, were about to start harvestin'
Not another night of the shitabyss, Mr. Lahey!
He who looks into the abyss realizes there is nothing looking back at him. the only thing he sees is his own character, Ricky. Understand? Bud? The shit abyss?
You know what a shit barometer is Bubs?
))<>((
He's about to enter the shit tornado to oz
How dare you involve my daughter in your hemisphere of shit
You know what a shit rope is Julian? Its a rope covered with shit that criminals try to hold onto. See the shit kinda acts like grease, the harder you try to climb up, the tighter you try to hold on, the faster you slide down the rope, Julian, all the way to jail.
The old shit clock is ticking
We are about to sail into a shit typhoon Randy, so we gotta haul in the jib before it get's covered with shit.
I'm watching you Julian, like a shit hawk, like a shit hawk.
When you keep getting pelted with shit balls deputy, you gotta get a shit bat.
Randy, the shit pool is getting full, we better strain it before it overflows and causes a shitslide that could cover this entire community. I will not have a pompeian catastrophe happening in Sunnyvale.
Shitidiots
ShitTroopers
Captain shit-acular is rasing shit in Sunnyvale
When a shit apple falls from a tree, it grows up in a field of shit, it doesn't have any choice, just like Trinity. She's going to grow up to be a shit apple tree, just like her father.
Can't change the spots on a shit-leopard
Never cry ShitWolf.
I'm about to extinguish your shit-flame forever
Because they are my little shit puppets, performing in our shit play
You just opened pandoras shitbox, Ray.
Shit snares. 
--- my one golden rule. You don't cross my shit-line, i don't cross your shit-line. When he told everyone I was drinking again, he crossed the God-Damn shit-line.
Randy, sometimes its better to watch the shit-tree grow than shake the shit fruit out of it.
You know what a shit barometer is? It measures the shit-pressure in the air. Feel it. Hear that? Sounds of the whispering winds of shit.
